Mr. Lu, this is our company's contract.
Our profits can be divided into 37%.
This is our company.
That's not what I mean by sincerity.
Xiaoyan
Pick up the phone
Your daughter will not marry into a wealthy family
I don't want to recognize you as a poor third mother, right?
Don't answer the phone
It's a chilling impossibility
Xiaoyan must be busy
He'll definitely call me when he's done.
Okay.
I don't have time to watch you play these bitter things
Pay now
Get out of here
Can you give me some more time?
Mainly because you suddenly made me pay 10 years' rent
I don't have it in my hand.
Xiao Yang is going to receive a call
He'll definitely get it together for me and wait
Do you think this is a vegetable market?
Give me a bargain
Do you hear me?
He said he didn't want to leave.
You two help him
No, no!
Ouch, so brave
Drink more than me
Come have a drink with my sister
Didn't you say finish these?
Can you sign the contract?
Then you have to compensate everyone present
If it doesn't work, get out immediately
Without makeup, I would like to see your pride and dignity
Can last you for dozens